AT first ,I read the image three times, as further processes will modify the original image.
Then I create a HSV slider to get the HSV range of the raw material of chips so that I can mask it therefore getting the chips region with black background so as to draw the contours perfectly.
I get the image and name it as "white".
Now , I apply Median Blurr followed by erosion and dilation to get the perfect seperated conours of the closer chips.
Now ,I find contours for the dilated binary image and draw this contours in the original image. This is shown in "cntr" frame.
I print the length of cntr and as expected it comes out to be 24.
Now using the for loop, I find the individual picture of every image....that is my region of intrest.
The following operations are performed individually over each roi:
I do the similar things..ie. take the range,mask it,perform bitwise_and to get only red area, get the contours and draw it on the only red area image
I had defined two list earlier at the top.I store the area of the chips in areaChips and the red area in areachipsRed. 
I find the similar set of operations under the for loop for any other traces of colour as well,preferably brown and green color.
Now since I know the length of the contours for red colour I  again apply a for loop to sum all these areas scattered of the red colour region.REMEMBER we are doing all this for individual images of the chips.
I check for the threshold value of the red that is 0.68 and as well as for any other traces of color found.
Those chips which are rejected I print them with "***"
Finally, I print the final result.

The frames I am displaying are: originalImage, cntr(showing cntr of chips),orang( showing the red-brown area) & final result.
RESULTS:

IMAGES REJECTED ARE= (1,6) combined.. ,3,14,17,18,19,20,23,24


Problems faced:
I was not able to find the perfect range of red color and green color. Doing the slight changes in the range will lead to changing of answers. So I took help of online sites like colorizer to find the approximate range of the red and green-brown colour.
